Update CONTRIBUTING.md for clarity and readability (#613)
Parsely/wp-parsely: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to the Parse.ly plugin

Thank you for your interest in contributing to the Parse.ly plugin! We hope this document helps you get set up with everything you need to contribute, and we look forward to working with you!

## Reporting issues

Please search the [repo's issues](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/issues) to see if your issue has been reported already and if so, comment on that issue instead of opening a new one.

When creating a new issue, please add specific steps to reproduce the problem, upload any relevant screenshots, and describe what happened and what you expected would happen instead.

## Contributing code

> You are more than welcome to submit PRs that fix issues or introduce new features to the Parse.ly plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are welcome to contribute to the plugin by submitting Pull Requests fix issues or introduce new features to the Parse.ly plugin.
```

### Important branches

Ongoing development is being done in the `develop` branch. Merges are performed against the `trunk` branch once considered stable.

To contribute code to this project, fork the repo and open a PR to the `develop` branch. Alternatively, if you have push access to this repo, create a feature branch and then open an intra-repo PR from that branch to `develop`.

### Coding standards

> The Parse.ly plugin uses the PHP_CodeSniffer tool that is installed through Composer. This plugin uses a [custom ruleset.](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/.phpcs.xml.dist)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Parse.ly plugin uses the PHP_CodeSniffer tool that is installed through Composer. This plugin uses a [custom ruleset](https://github.com/Parsely/wp-parsely/blob/develop/.phpcs.xml.dist).
```

Author: Nice catch.

> The plugin aims to use strong types where possible, so be sure to declare `strict_types=1` on new files, and include type definitions for parameters and return types that are compatible with the minimum version of PHP that this plugin supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses strong types, so be sure to declare `strict_types=1` on new files, and include type definitions for parameters and return types that are compatible with the minimum version of PHP that this plugin supports.
```
